com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityRatingBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityRatingBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/TournamentDetailViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.TournamentDetailViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/FragmentBracketBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.FragmentBracketBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_GamesRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_GamesRealmProxy
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_GamesRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_GamesRealmProxy$GamesColumnInfo
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityRankingBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityRankingBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityParticipantsBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityParticipantsBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityBracketBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityBracketBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/BuyWithGooglepayButtonBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.BuyWithGooglepayButtonBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityFollowerBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityFollowerBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/FragmentActiveTournamentsBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.FragmentActiveTournamentsBinding
io/realm/DefaultRealmModuleMediator.java
 io.realm.DefaultRealmModuleMediator
com/mongodb/app/ChatConstants/ChatConstants.java
 com.mongodb.app.ChatConstants.ChatConstants
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityGameBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityGameBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityGroupListBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityGroupListBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityCreateTournamentBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityCreateTournamentBinding
com/mongodb/app/GroupListActivity.java
 com.mongodb.app.GroupListActivity
 com.mongodb.app.GroupListActivity$1
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityCheckoutPayBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityCheckoutPayBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityTaskBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityTaskBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/PlayerViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.PlayerViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/TaskViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.TaskViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityTimerBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityTimerBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ProfileViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ProfileViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/TournamentPageCardViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.TournamentPageCardViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/LoginViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.LoginViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/GroupsAdapter.java
 com.mongodb.app.GroupsAdapter
 com.mongodb.app.GroupsAdapter$GroupViewHolder
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ChangePasswordViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ChangePasswordViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/mongodb/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.mongodb.app.BuildConfig
com/mongodb/app/databinding/GameDetailActivityBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.GameDetailActivityBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxyInterface
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityActiveUpcomingTournamentBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityActiveUpcomingTournamentBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/TournamentViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.TournamentViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/RatingViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.RatingViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/SuggestionPageBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.SuggestionPageBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxy
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TaskRealmProxy$TaskColumnInfo
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityChatRoomBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityChatRoomBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/AddGameLayoutBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.AddGameLayoutBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ReworkHomeViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ReworkHomeViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/UserWrapper.java
 com.mongodb.app.UserWrapper
com/mongodb/app/databinding/QrcodeViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.QrcodeViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityNewProfileBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityNewProfileBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_TournamentRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TournamentRealmProxy
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TournamentRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TournamentRealmProxy$TournamentColumnInfo
com/mongodb/app/PaypalActivity.java
 com.mongodb.app.PaypalActivity
 com.mongodb.app.PaypalActivity$1
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_RatingRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_RatingRealmProxy
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_RatingRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_RatingRealmProxy$RatingColumnInfo
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxyInterface
com/mongodb/app/MessageWrapper.java
 com.mongodb.app.MessageWrapper
com/mongodb/app/databinding/FragmentCreateTourneyBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.FragmentCreateTourneyBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_RatingRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_RatingRealmProxyInterface
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityAfterNotificationBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityAfterNotificationBinding
com/mongodb/app/ChatConstants/CheckMessage.java
 com.mongodb.app.ChatConstants.CheckMessage
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/SuggestionPageRowBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.SuggestionPageRowBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/TestingBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.TestingBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxy
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_UserRealmProxy$UserColumnInfo
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityGroupBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityGroupBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityRowRankingBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityRowRankingBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/GroupLayoutBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.GroupLayoutBinding
com/mongodb/app/ChatRoom.java
 com.mongodb.app.ChatRoom
 com.mongodb.app.ChatRoom$1
 com.mongodb.app.ChatRoom$2
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityPaypalBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityPaypalBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/GroupRowBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.GroupRowBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/RatingItemBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.RatingItemBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/GameHeaderBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.GameHeaderBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/GroupPageBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.GroupPageBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_GamesRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_GamesRealmProxyInterface
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_GroupRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_GroupRealmProxyInterface
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivitySearchTournamentBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivitySearchTournamentBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityTournamentBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityTournamentBinding
io/realm/DefaultRealmModule.java
 io.realm.DefaultRealmModule
com/mongodb/app/databinding/EditProfileViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.EditProfileViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/CardViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.CardViewBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_GroupRealmProxy.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_GroupRealmProxy
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_GroupRealmProxy$ClassNameHelper
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_GroupRealmProxy$GroupColumnInfo
com/mongodb/app/databinding/SettingsBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.SettingsBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityPlayerBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityPlayerBinding
io/realm/com_mongodb_app_TournamentRealmProxyInterface.java
 io.realm.com_mongodb_app_TournamentRealmProxyInterface
com/mongodb/app/databinding/HomeViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.HomeViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/ChatActivity.java
 com.mongodb.app.ChatActivity
 com.mongodb.app.ChatActivity$1
 com.mongodb.app.ChatActivity$2
 com.mongodb.app.ChatActivity$3
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityReportBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityReportBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityRulesBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityRulesBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ParticipantViewBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ParticipantViewBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/ActivityTournamentPageBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.ActivityTournamentPageBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/mongodb/app/databinding/GameItemBinding.java
 com.mongodb.app.databinding.GameItemBinding
